Woman: CHECK IT OUT!
Man: MY GOODNESS,
LOOK AT THAT!
ALL RIGHT.
I SUMMON THE PHANTOM
BEAST WILD-HORN!
Announcer: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
WE HAVE GOT
A FULL THROTTLE
DUEL ON OUR HANDS!
I HOPE YOU HAD FUN
'CAUSE THIS DUEL IS OVER!
AND NOW, INFERNO
HAMMER BRING
THE PAIN DOWN
ON WINDMILL GENEX!
Man: LOOK AT ALL
THOSE DUELISTS.
THEY HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT THEY'RE DOING.
Man: LET US HOPE IT
STAYS THAT WAY.
WE NEED THEM TO
REMAIN IGNORANT,
LIKE RATS RUNNING ON
THEIR LITTLE WHEELS.
FOR THE WHEELS ON WHICH
THEY RUN POWER THE CIRCUIT.
AND WHEN THE CIRCUIT
IS COMPLETE,
THE FUTURE WILL BE OURS.
♪♪
♪ GOING FAST MAKES
ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN WIN ♪
♪ ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET
DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND
THAT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNING SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR
AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND
THAT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS
ITSELF INTO OUR LIVES ♪♪
KEEP IT GOING.
GREAT, THE OUTPUT
IS STABLE NOW.
LET'S TRY TO INCREASE
THE ROTATION
RATE OF THE
FRAGMENT GEAR.
SOUNDS GOOD.
Announcer: EVERYONE THOUGHT
TEAM UNICORN HAD THE ADVANTAGE
GOING INTO TODAY'S DUEL,
BUT THEIR OPPONENTS
HAVE PULLED AN UPSET
AND SNATCHED THE VICTORY!
Yusei: JEAN, ANDRE!
HOW ARE THEY, BREO?
THEY'RE GONNA
BE OKAY.
WHAT HAPPENED OUT
ON THE TRACK?
I DON'T KNOW.
I DIDN'T SEE ANYTHING
OUT OF THE ORDINARY.
BUT HOW COULD THEY BOTH JUST
CRASH BACK TO BACK LIKE THAT?
JEAN!
SORRY, GUYS,
BUT I GOTTA GO.
I'LL BE IN TOUCH.
HAS HE WOKEN UP YET,
HAS HE SAID ANYTHING?
Woman: PLEASE, SIR, I NEED
YOU TO STAND BACK.
Crow: HEY GUYS, WHAT'S
FOR LUNCH?
YOU CAN HAVE RAMEN,
RAMEN, OR RAMEN.
WHAT DID YOUR DOCTOR SAY?
GOOD NEWS?
YEAH, HE SAID I'M HEALED UP AND
GOOD TO GO AND READY TO RIDE.
SEE, I DON'T EVEN--
I BELIEVED YOU FOR
ABOUT TWO SECONDS.
WERE YOU ABLE TO SEE
JEAN AND THE OTHERS
AT THE HOSPITAL?
NOPE.
THEY STILL CAN'T
HAVE ANY VISITORS.
I SEE.
I WISH I HAD DONE MORE DURING
THE TEAM UNICORN DUEL.
ALL I WAS GOOD FOR WAS
BRINGING OUT STARDUST
AND PASSING THE
BATON TO YUSEI.
YOU TAKE 800 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
WICKET REBIRTH!
WHAT?
NOW BY PAYING 800
LIFE POINTS,
I CAN REVIVE A SYNCHRO
MONSTER FROM MY GRAVEYARD
SO LONG AS ITS SPECIAL
ABILITY IS NEGATED.
SO COME FORTH
STARDUST DRAGON!
WE'RE FACING TEAM CATASTROPHE
IN OUR NEXT DUEL,
AND THEY DEFEATED
THE UNICORNS WITH EASE.
THE GUYS HAVE PUT
THEIR FAITH IN ME.
I'VE GOTTA STEP THINGS UP,
I HAVE TO GET BETTER.
Man: ANOTHER ONE OF YOUR
CONSPIRACY THEORIES?
DON'T YOU FIND IT STRANGE THAT
TWO DUELISTS CRASHED WHILE
DUELING THE SAME TEAM
AT TWO DIFFERENT TIMES?
HOW CAN YOU NOT CALL
FOUL PLAY ON THIS ONE?
THIS IS CLEARLY A CASE OF
SABOTAGE OR SOMETHING!
HER VOICE DRIVES
ME CRAZY!
HMPH!
I SUPPOSE YOU DO
HAVE A POINT.
I'LL GET ALL WORKED
UP ABOUT IT
AS SOON AS
I FINISH MY COFFEE.
Man: CHECK OUT THESE
HEADLINES!
"TEAM CATASTROPHE EXPLODES
ONTO THE SCENE"!
“TEAM CATASTROPHE
SURPRISES ALL”!
EVERY MEDIA OUTLET IN TOWN
IS TALKING ABOUT US!
PAPERS ARE CALLING US
THE TEAM TO KEEP AN EYE ON.
AND TO THINK, YOU
DIDN'T WANT ME TO TAKE
THIS CARD FROM OUR
NICE GUARDIAN ANGEL.
A SHADOW CARD?
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
YOU'RE JUST GIVING
THIS TO US?
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU, HERMAN?
THAT CREEP OVER
THERE HAPPENED.
HE APPEARED OUTTA THIN
AIR AND THEN MY WHEELS
JUST LOCKED UP
OR SOMETHING.
WHO IS HE?
DON'T YOU WANT
TO WIN DUELS?
FORTUNE AND FAME
AND ALL THAT
COMES WITH IT?
THAT CARD IS YOUR
ONE-WAY TICKET
TO THE BIG
TIME, NICOLAS.
IS THIS GUY
FOR REAL?
A SHADOW CARD.
I GUESS I SHOULD
THANK YOU.
SLOW DOWN, LET'S
THINK ABOUT THIS.
SHADOW CARDS SOUND KINDA
DANGEROUS, DON'T THEY?
WE BEEN GETTIN'
BETTER, NICKY.
WE DON'T NEED TO
CHEAT TO GET AHEAD.
BESIDES, I DON'T TRUST THIS
GUY, I MEAN LOOK AT HIM,
HE'S KINDA SKETCHY AND--
WHAT IN THE WORLD?
DID HE JUST
DISAPPEAR?
MAYBE HE WAS A GHOST
OR SOMETHING.
GHOST OR NOT,
I'M SICK OF LOSING.
I'M SICK OF
SCRAPING BY.
I'M SICK OF THIS WORLD
TELLING ME NO!
A TICKET TO
THE BIG TIME?
THAT SOUNDS
GOOD TO ME.
UNLESS YOU BOYS WANT TO SPEND
THE REST OF YOUR LIVES
LIVING IN THIS
CITY'S SHADOW...
WELL, NO.
THEN WE'RE AGREED.
THIS CARD IS EVERYTHING
I COULD HAVE HOPED FOR,
AND MUCH, MUCH MORE...
YES!
HEY, I SAVED UP TO
BUY THAT RADIO!
THE BLACK ROSE IS ALL ALONE,
AND SHE'S ON HER DUEL RUNNER.
COME ON, LET'S GO!
Jack: IT'S BREO.
WONDER IF HE'S
LEARNED ANYTHING NEW.
IT SURE SEEMS LIKE IT.
HEY, WAIT FOR ME.
HEY CARLY, YOU DIDN'T
PAY THE BILL!
Carly: PUT IT ON MY TAB!
YOU DON'T
HAVE A TAB!
HUH, SO DUEL RUNNERS
HAVE CHIPS
THAT RECORD THEIR
OPERATIONAL DATA?
I COULDN'T BRING MYSELF TO
BELIEVE THAT JEAN AND ANDRE
WOULD RANDOMLY CRASH
IN THE SAME DUEL,
SO I CHECKED
THE DATA CHIP.
HERE'S JEAN'S RUNNER AT
THE TIME OF HIS ACCIDENT.
NO WAY...
A SHARP DROP IN
ROTATIONAL VELOCITY.
WHAT DOES THAT
MEAN, EXACTLY?
WELL, IT MEANS THAT ONE SECOND
HIS WHEELS WERE SPINNING
AND THE NEXT SECOND,
THEY WEREN'T.
A SUDDEN UNEXPECTED
WHEEL LOCK
WOULD EXPLAIN HIS
LOSS OF CONTROL.
BUT WHAT EXPLAINS THE SUDDEN
UNEXPECTED WHEEL LOCK?
I THINK TEAM CATASTROPHE'S
BEHIND THIS!
SO DO I, BUT HOW WOULD THEY'VE
CAUSED IT DURING THE DUEL?
WE WOULD'VE
SEEN SOMETHING.
WHAT'S THE
MATTER, CROW?
I WAS JUST REMEMBERING,
WHEN MY RUNNER CRASHED,
IT FELT LIKE MY
WHEELS JUST SUDDENLY
STOPPED SPINNING
FOR NO REASON.
Yusei: SERIOUSLY?
THIS IS YOUR OP DATA RIGHT AT
THE TIME OF YOUR ACCIDENT.
Man: SAME INSTANT
DROP IN ROTATION.
SO THIS MEANS THOSE JERKS
FROM TEAM CATASTROPHE
SABOTAGED MY RUNNER
AND MADE ME WRECK!
THOSE CHEATS!
REVENGE WILL BE MINE!
CROW, SLOW DOWN.
WE DON'T HAVE NEARLY ENOUGH
EVIDENCE TO KNOW FOR SURE
THAT THE GUYS FROM
TEAM CATASTROPHE
HAVE ANYTHING
TO DO WITH THIS.
IF THEY DO, HOW ARE
THEY DOING IT?
HOW COULD THEY LOCK UP
A RUNNER'S WHEELS REMOTELY?
THEY DIDN'T HACK IN,
THAT WOULD BE IN THE DATA.
IT'S HARD TO BELIEVE THAT
NO ONE WATCHING THE DUEL
SAW ANYTHING SUSPICIOUS,
I MEAN IF--
HEY, I TOOK VIDEO
FOOTAGE OF THE DUEL
BETWEEN TEAM UNICORN
AND TEAM CATASTROPHE.
IT'S RIGHT HERE IN
MY BAG SOMEWHERE.
MAYBE WE SHOULD
LOOK AT IT.
UH, WHAT IS IT?
DID-- DID I DO
SOMETHING WRONG?
CARLY, WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL
US YOU HAD THIS FOOTAGE!
I DID!
I TOLD YOU JUST NOW!
Man: THIS IS ANDRE DUELING
TEAM CATASTROPHE'S
NICOLAS RIGHT
BEFORE HIS WRECK...
I DIDN'T SEE ANYTHING,
HE JUST STARTED SWERVING.
LET'S WATCH IT AGAIN
FROM ANOTHER ANGLE.
Man: GO BACK A FEW FRAMES, RIGHT
BEFORE HE STARTS TO WOBBLE.
THAT'S GOOD.
OKAY.
SO HE'S GOING,
HE'S GOING...
AND HE'S OFF.
Jack: STILL NOT SEEING
ANYTHING.
Man: LET'S LOOK
AT JEAN'S CRASH.
HERE WE GO.
SAME THING, HE JUST
STARTS LOSING CONTROL.
HOW ARE THEY DOING THIS
WITHOUT BEING SEEN?
WHAT DO WE KNOW ABOUT
THIS MONSTER HE'S DUELING?
WAS ANDRE DUELING THE SAME
MONSTER WHEN HE CRASHED?
OKAY.
THE NAME OF THAT MONSTER
IS HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT.
LET ME LOOK IT UP.
LEVEL 4, 1,600 ATTACK POINTS,
0 DEFENSE POINTS AND...
YEP, ANDRE TRIED TO ATTACK
IT WITH UNICORN KNIGHT
RIGHT BEFORE
HE CRASHED.
LOOK...
JEAN'S CRASH WAS DURING
HIS OPPONENT'S TURN,
HERMAN ACTIVATED HOOK
THE HIDDEN KNIGHT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
AND THEN, BAM.
ANDRE'S WHEELS LOCK UP,
HE LOSES CONTROL.
Yusei: YOU THINK IT'S
THIS MONSTER?
I'VE NO DOUBT THAT THAT
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT
IS SOMEHOW
DOING SOMETHING.
YOU GUYS NEED TO BE CAREFUL
WHEN YOU'RE ON YOUR RUNNERS.
THEY ALREADY
GOT TO CROW.
THEY MAY TRY TO GET TO
SOMEONE ELSE ON THE TEAM.
OH NO.
ONE OF US ISN'T
HERE RIGHT NOW...
AKIZA'S IN DANGER!
♪♪
I SUMMON ROSE
TENTACLES!
WHY DIDN'T ITS
POWER ACTIVATE?
YA-HA!
TWO DOWN
AND TWO TO GO.
LOSERS!
YEAH, WE'RE FINE.
Yusei: I JUST SPOKE
WITH AKIZA'S PARENTS.
SHE'S PRETTY BANGED UP,
BUT SHE'LL BE OKAY.
SHE'S GONNA BE
OUT OF COMMISSION
FOR THE NEXT
DUEL, THOUGH.
AND WHAT ABOUT YOU, BRUNO?
WERE YOU ABLE TO GET
HER RUNNER'S DATA?
IT'S THE SAME
AS THE OTHERS.
HER WHEELS DEFINITELY
LOCKED UP ALL OF A SUDDEN.
YEAH, I FIGURED.
THOSE PUNKS!
CROW!
WAIT.
WAIT FOR WHAT, WE KNOW
WHAT THEY'RE DOING.
LET'S GO CALL
'EM ON IT!
C'MON, HANG ON.
I KNOW YOU'RE ANGRY,
I'M ANGRY, TOO.
BUT WE CAN'T
ACT IMPULSIVELY.
WE'VE GOTTA SETTLE
THIS, YUSEI!
WE WILL SETTLE THIS,
DURING OUR TURBO DUEL.
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
BUT I'M GOING TO BE THE
ONE DOING THE SETTLING!
YOU'RE IN NO CONDITION.
I'M NOT JUST GONNA SIT BACK
WHILE A COUPLE OF LOWLIFES
RUN AROUND AND HURT
MY FRIENDS AND TRY
TO CHEAT THEIR
WAY TO THE TOP.
AKIZA STOOD IN FOR ME SO NOW
I'M GONNA STAND UP FOR HER!
THOSE THUGS HAVE MESSED
WITH THE WRONG TEAM!
GO, GO, LET'S GO!
WHAT-- THEY SABOTAGED
THEIR DUEL RUNNERS?
WELL, WE DON'T EXACTLY KNOW
HOW THEY'RE DOING IT,
BUT WE THINK IT'S
CONNECTED TO A MONSTER.
IT SOUNDS LIKE TEAM CATASTROPHE
MIGHT BE USING AN ILLEGAL CARD.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL
ME THIS RIGHT AWAY?
IF THIS IS TRUE,
IT'S A VIOLATION
OF TOURNAMENT RULES
AND A CRIME!
I'M ORDERING
A DECK INSPECTION.
OFFICER, WAIT!
I KNOW HOW THIS'LL
SOUND, BUT CAN YOU WAIT
'TIL AFTER THE DUEL?
LET THE GUYS BE THE ONES
TO BRING CATASTROPHE DOWN.
THEY'RE AWARE OF THE RISK,
BUT IT'S A MATTER OF HONOR.
I UNDERSTAND, BUT--
YOU CAN STEP
IN AS SOON AS
SOMETHING GOES WRONG,
BUT GIVE 'EM THE CHANCE!
FOR THE RECORD, I NEVER
HEARD THIS CONVERSATION.
BUT, MINA!
SIT DOWN, BOYS.
THE DUEL'S
ABOUT TO START.
HELLO, DOMINO CITY!
ARE YOU READY
FOR SOME ACTION!
Announcer: THE FIRST WORLD
RACING GRAND PRIX
PRELIMS ARE IN
THEIR FINAL LAP.
SOON WE'LL BE HEADING
INTO THE MAIN EVENT!
BOTH OF TODAY'S
TEAMS WANNA GET THERE,
BUT ONLY ONE OF
EM'LLMAKE IT!
AND HERE THEY COME NOW!
HA-HA!
THEY CAME OUTTA NOWHERE,
BUT THEY'RE CLEARLY GOING
SOMEWHERE, LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, TEAM CATASTROPHE!
YOU GO, CATASTROPHE!
BRING IT ON HARDCORE!
KEEP IT CLEAN
YOU, GUYS.
WE DON'T WANNA SEE
ANY WIPEOUTS TODAY!
HEY, PIPSQUEAK,
PUT A SOCK IN IT!
THE WIPEOUTS ARE
THE BEST PART!
BACK OFF!
Man: NOBODY LIKES YOUR
TERRIBLE TEAM!
BOY, THE VIBE TODAY
IS SO NEGATIVE.
WHY CAN'T WE ALL
JUST GET ALONG?
FANS, WHAT DO YOU
GET WHEN YOU COMBINE
TWO CHAMPIONS AND ONE
SCRAPPY UPSTART?
TEAM 5D'S!
GO, JACK!
YOU'RE THE BEST, JACK!
WHAT AM I,
CHOPPED LIVER?
LEO!
LUNA!
YUSEI!
HEH, HOW SAD.
THEY'RE SHORT ONE
TEAMMATE TODAY.
WHAT IS HE DOING HERE?
DIDN'T WE TAKE
HIM DOWN ALREADY?
IT LOOKS LIKE
HE GOT BACK UP.
DON'T WORRY
ABOUT IT.
Man: SHH, HE'S COMIN'
OVER HERE!
WHADDYA WANT,
HALF-PINT?
DID THEY SEND YOU HERE
TO NEGOTIATE A SURRENDER?
NAH, I JUST WANTED
TO COME SAY HI!
OH, RIGHT, AND I ALSO
WANTED TO TELL YOU,
I'M SO ON TO YOU GUYS
AND YOUR LITTLE GAMBIT.
OUR LITTLE WHAT?
Man: NAH, IT'S OKAY.
PLAY DUMB,
IT FITS THE PART.
ANYWAY, THE DUEL'S
GONNA START SOON.
HOPE YOU'VE ENJOYED
YOUR WINNING STREAK,
'CAUSE IT'S
ABOUT TO END.
YOU ARE REALLY WRECKING
MY CONFIDENCE.
OH, HEY, HEY,
SPEAKING OF WRECKS,
HOW'S THAT SHOULDER
OF YOURS TREATING YOU?
IT'S GREAT,
THANKS FOR ASKING.
SEE YOU ON THE
TRACK, GENTLEMEN!
DID YOU GUYS HEAR
WHAT HE SAID?
DO YOU THINK TEAM 5D'S
KNOWS ABOUT THE SHADOW CARD?
Man: NO.
THEY SENSE THAT
SOMETHING IS UP,
BUT THEY DON'T
KNOW WHAT IT IS.
THEY'RE JUST TRYING TO
SHAKE THE GRASS A LITTLE.
ONCE THEY DO REALIZE
WHAT'S ACTUALLY GOING ON,
IT WILL BE TOO LATE.
Announcer: HERE WE GO!
KICKING THINGS OFF
FOR TEAM 5D'S IS CROW!
HE'LL BE GOING UP AGAINST
TEAM CATASTROPHE'S HERMAN!
Computer voice: ENGAGING
SPEED WORLD 2!
HERMAN IS GONNA CLIP
THAT CROW'S WINGS.
A BETTER PERSON THAN ME
WOULD FEEL KINDA BAD LAYING
INTO AN INJURED DUELIST.
UNFORTUNATELY FOR YOU, I'M NOT
A BETTER PERSON THAN ME.
I'M ABOUT TO
TAKE YOU DOWN.
SHOULD CROW REALLY
BE DOING THIS?
HIS SHOULDER HASN'T
REALLY HEALED YET.
WHEN CROW MAKES UP HIS
MIND, YOU CAN'T STOP HIM.
DON'T WORRY LUNA,
HE'LL BE FINE!
IF THIS SERIES OF RECENT
CRASHES IS ANYTHING
MORE THAN A COINCIDENCE,
THERE'S NO DOUBT IN MY MIND,
ILLIASTER IS BEHIND IT.
Man: TALK ABOUT BEING IN
THE NOSEBLEED SECTION!
I HAD A FEELING YOU WERE
UP TO SOMETHING, PRIMO.
SO WHAT'S THE SINISTER
PLOT THIS TIME?
WATCH AND SEE.
YOU KNOW JAKOB'S GONNA
LOSE IT WHEN HE FINDS OUT
YOU WENT BEHIND HIS
BACK AGAIN, RIGHT?
WHEN I'VE MANAGED TO COMPLETE
THE CIRCUIT AND SUMMON
THE DIVINE TEMPLE,
I WILL BE THE FAVORITE.
SO IT WON'T MATTER
WHAT JAKOB THINKS.
FOR YOUR SAKE, I HOPE
YOU'RE RIGHT!
Announcer: THE COUNTDOWN
HAS BEGUN!
THIS IS FOR YOU, AKIZA.
THIS IS FOR ALL OF US.
Computer voice: READY,
SET, DUEL!
Announcer: CROW MUST HAVE
SKIPPED BREAKFAST TODAY!
HE'S OFF TO A SLOW START!
COME ON!
WELL, NO PAIN,
NO GAIN, I SUPPOSE.
Announcer: CROW'S SAILS HAVE
CAUGHT SOME WIND!
HE'S CATCHING
UP TO HERMAN!
SOMEONE'S LOOKING
A LITTLE SHAKY.
Announcer: THEY'RE NECK
AND NECK AS THEY ENTER
THE FIRST CURVE!
OOH!
LOOKS LIKE HERMAN
WANTS TO PLAY ROUGH!
CROW LOSES CONTROL,
HE FALLS BEHIND!
HERMAN TAKES
THE FIRST CURVE!
THAT WAS RIGHTEOUS!
YEAH, RIP IT UP!
THAT WAS NOT COOL!
SWEET!
NOW HERMAN GETS
TO GO FIRST!
Announcer: AND IT'S TIME
FOR THE DUELING TO BEGIN!
SHOW ME WHAT
YOU GOT!
I INTEND TO, I SUMMON
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT
IN ATTACK MODE!
NEXT, I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
HE DIDN'T WASTE
ANY TIME--
THAT'S IT!
THAT'S THE MONSTER THAT MADE
THE OTHER DUELISTS CRASH!
YOU MAY'VE MANAGED TO
TAKE MY FRIENDS DOWN,
BUT YOU'RE NOT
GETTIN' ME.
NOT THIS TIME.
ALL RIGHT, IT'S...
IT'S MY TURN!
FIRST UP I...
I SUMMON BLACKWING SIROCCO
THE DAWN IN ATTACK MODE!
Computer voice: BLACKWING
SIROCCO THE DAWN IS
A LEVEL 5 WINGED BEAST-TYPE
MONSTER WITH 2,000 ATTACK
POINTS AND 900 DEFENSE POINTS.
SIROCCO THE DAWN HAS WAY
MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN THAT STUPID HOOK
THE HIDDEN KNIGHT!
Man: SIROCCO IS
A HIGH-LEVEL MONSTER,
BUT WHEN YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WITH MONSTERS ON HIS FIELD,
I CAN DIRECTLY SUMMON IT WITHOUT
HAVING TO MAKE ANY SACRIFICES!
HERE WE GO.
TIME TO FIND OUT WHAT'S
BEHIND THE CURTAIN.
SIROCCO THE DAWN
IS SOARING IN
TO ATTACK HOOK
THE HIDDEN KNIGHT!
GO DARK WING SLASH!
C'MON CROW,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THIS IS THE SAME
SITUATION ANDRE WAS IN.
IS EVERYONE
WATCHING CLOSELY?
YUP.
YEAH!
YOU'RE GONNA NEED TO DO
A LOT BETTER THAN THAT!
I ACTIVATE HOOK THE HIDDEN
KNIGHT'S SPECIAL ABILITY!
I ACTIVATE SHADOW HOOK!
WHEN HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT
BECOMES THE TARGET
OF AN ATTACK WHILE
IN ATTACK MODE,
BOTH IT AND
THE ATTACKING MONSTER
ARE FORCED INTO
DEFENSE MODE!
Announcer: OOH, HERMAN
JUST SHUT CROW'S ATTACK DOWN!
THE BEST PART OF THIS SPECIAL
ABILITY IS THAT WHEN
HOOK THE HIDDEN KNIGHT
SWITCHES INTO DEFENSE MODE,
YOU GET KNOCKED WITH
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
HERE IT COMES!
I CAN'T SEE A THING!
OOH, IT LOOKS LIKE CROW
IS WAVERING OUT THERE.
HE'S LOSING CONTROL!
IS THIS TEAM UNICORN
ALL OVER AGAIN?
HE'S HOLDING ON TO
HIS MOMENTUM, HE'S--
HE'S REGAINED
HIS BALANCE!
LUCKY BREAK.
I'LL GET THAT BIRDBRAIN
NEXT TIME.
DID YOU JUST SEE
WHAT I SAW?
SURE DID.
SOMETHING APPEARED NEXT
TO HIS BACK WHEEL.
WHY DOES MY LENS
COVER ALWAYS
GET STUCK AT
THE WORST TIMES?
WHAT WAS THAT JUST NOW?
IT LOOKED LIKE...
THAT'S IT!
IT'S HIDDEN
KNIGHT'S HOOK.
I'M POSITIVE I SAW IT!
IT COULDN'T BE!
WAIT, HOW
COULD ITS HOOK
BE COMING UP OUT OF
THE GROUND LIKE THAT?
DON'T KNOW.
BUT I KNOW
WHAT I SAW.
THAT'S REALLY
FREAKY!
SO IT'S NOT
JUST A HOLOGRAM?
IT'S LIKE REALLY
REAL, FOR REAL?
HOW'D HE MISS?
THAT PUNK JUST
LUCKED OUT IS ALL.
THAT WAS A CLOSE ONE!
WHO ARE THESE GUYS THAT THEY'VE
GOT A POWER LIKE THAT?